README.md, before:

# KeyTurbo
This simple utility program helps to turn given keys to turbo mode and can also be used to map keys in Windows.

# Motivation
I sometimes play https://agar.io game, where I am required to press 'w' repeatedly all the time.  I tried to look for some key turbo utilities online, however, could not find any.  Therefore, I decided to write my own.

# How to build
### Build requirements
1. You need to have cl installed on your computer.
2. vcvar64.bat file should be run to setup the development environment.

### Build
1. Clone this repository into your computer.
2. Open the command prompt
3. Navigate to the folder where you have cloned this repository.
4. Run build.bat.
5. The executable should be outputted in build directory inside the folder where you cloned this repository.

# How to use
Using this utility program is simple - 
1. First go to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/inputdev/virtual-key-codes to get the hex codes for the interesetd keys. Ie. for 'w' its 0x57
TODO:

Commit message:

Rename the program and listen for the Alt+F9 to activate or deactive the program

README.md, after:

# KeyRepeater
This simple utility program helps to turn given keys to turbo mode and can also be used to map keys in Windows.

# Motivation
I sometimes play https://agar.io game, where I am required to press 'w' repeatedly all the time.  I tried to look for some key repeater utilities online, however, could not find any.  Therefore, I decided to write my own. While I was writing the key repeater utility, I figured that sometimes I want to play some games with arrows insted of using 'w', 'a', 's', 'd' keys to move, therefore, I decided to write the key mapping capability in this program as well.  I am aware that there are some software that can do the key mappings by editing the registeries, however I prefer to run a small program each time I want to enable the key mappings.

# How to build
### Build requirements
1. You need to have cl installed on your computer.
2. vcvar64.bat file should be run to setup the development environment.

### Build
1. Clone this repository into your computer.
2. Open the command prompt
3. Navigate to the folder where you have cloned this repository.
4. Run releaseBuild.bat.
5. The executable should be outputted in 'KeyTurbo' directory inside the folder where you cloned this repository.

# How to use
Using this utility program is simple - 
1. First go to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/inputdev/virtual-key-codes to get the hex codes for the interesetd keys. Ie. for 'w' its 0x57
2. TODO:
